feat: Add support for the `isEventQlTrue` precondition (#241)
thenativeweb/eventsourcingdb-client-javascript: README.md

*Note that according to the CloudEvents standard, event IDs must be of type string.*

#### Using the `isEventQlTrue` precondition

If you want to write events depending on an EventQL query, import the `isEventQlTrue` function and pass it as an array of preconditions in the second argument:

```typescript
import { isEventQlTrue } from 'eventsourcingdb';

const writtenEvents = await client.writeEvents([
  // events
], [

>   isEventQlTrue('FROM e IN events WHERE e.type == \'io.eventsourcingdb.library.book-borrowed\' PROJECT INTO COUNT() < 10')

Reviewer: Wäre hier nicht evtl

```suggestion
  isEventQlTrue(`FROM e IN events WHERE e.type == 'io.eventsourcingdb.library.book-borrowed' PROJECT INTO COUNT() < 10`)
```

sinnvoll(er)?
